Introduction
Install Python
Install Robot Framework
Install Selenium2Library
Install PyCharm
Introduction
Robot Framework is implemented with Python and supports also Jython (JVM). Before installing the framework, it is a pre-requisite to install at least one of these interpreters.
Install Python
Download the latest Python 2.7 version using the following link to C:\Python27 folder.
Download Python 2.7.*
Update environment variables
Append the following to the end of the PATH system variable
;C:\Python27;C:\Python27\scripts
Verify Python installation
Use the following on the command prompt to verify python installation.
C:\>python --version
Python 2.7.12
Install Robot Framework
Installing with pip
Using pip is the recommended way to install Robot Framework. As the standard Python package manager it is included in the latest Python and Jython versions. If you already have pip available, you can simply execute:
pip install robotframework
Verify Robot Framework installation
C:\>robot --version
Robot Framework 3.0 (Python 2.7.12 on win32)
Upgrading Robot Framework
When using pip, upgrading to a new version requires --upgrade option or explicit version needs to be specified.
pip install --upgrade robotframework
pip install robotframework==2.9.2
Install Selenium2Library
Selenium2Library is a web testing library for Robot Framework that leverages the Selenium 2 (WebDriver) libraries from the Selenium project.
Installing with pip
pip install robotframework-selenium2library
Download Drivers to C:\Python27\scripts
geckodriver.exe
chromedriver.exe
Install PyCharm
Install the Community edition of PyCharm to use as an IDE/Editor for Robot Framework.
PyCharm Community Edition
Install Robot Framework Support plugin for PyCharm
Download the latest version of the plugin from the following link.
Robot Framework Support plugin
  Open PyCharm ? settings ? plugins ?  search forrobotframork? Install 
 Restart Pycharm
Robot Framework Run Tests
 Open PyCharm ? settings ? tools ? external tools?
